♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 13)
Stop hiding.
I need to talk to you.
I like you.
Let me buy you dinner to thank you.
Sure. It'll be my pleasure.
(Episode 14: Detective Zhou's Suspicion)
Chen Yu.
Lu, you're here.
Have a seat.
OK.
I just ordered a set meal
of Wagyu beef for you.
It's medium well.
Is it OK for you?
Yes, thanks.
How was the traffic on your way here?
It wasn't the rush hour when I came here.
Not bad.
That's good to hear.
As I walked in,
I found this place very fancy.
I like it here, too.
What would you like to drink?
Liquor or juice?
-Excuse me, would you like to order now?
-Either is fine.
Leave it to me.
I want to have
what that table orders.
Understood.
Are you alone?
Any problem?
Not at all.
How does a psycho killer
kill people in all different kinds of ways?
Why am I doing this?
Why do I choose to do this?
I just don't want to do it anymore!
Are you
alright?
It tastes delicious.
I come here a lot.
It's good to know that you like it here.
Actually,
we're here
because I want to tell you something.
I think I know.
Sometimes,
it's for the boys to take the lead.
There is no rule that says
some words are meant to be said by boys.
Chen Yu,
I like you.
Lu,
you're different
from all the other girls I met.
You're forthright,
open-minded
and graceful.
I like you, too.
Really?
Yes.
What's gotten
into Lu?
I'm super hot,
but she dumps me.
How could she
choose that sissy?
What's on her mind?
Well,
just so you know,
I'm not like that for most of the time.
What do you mean
by "like that"?
That's not important.
Anyway...
Nice to meet you.
I'm your Chinese tutor.
My name is Zhou Xiao.
Nice to meet you.
My name is Ren Yiyang.
OK.
I've read the file.
Your Chinese is not bad.
It's only that you have some
grammatical problems.
And you want to learn the difference
between the active and passive sentence
in Chinese language,
right?
I'm sorry, but could you please slow down?
Well,
we take
a pen
and
a notebook.
Let's get started.
Hey, what's up, babe?
OK.
I'll pack food
from your favorite restaurant,
OK?
Yes.
That's my girl.
Talk to you later.
OK.
Bye.
Hey!
You bastard.
How could you cheat on her?
It's not like that. It's a mistake.
A mistake?
Which part did I mistake?
My cousin is visiting me.
I was speaking to her on the phone.
Is it your family tradition
to call your cousin "babe"?
That's how we call her in the family.
If you don't believe me,
I can call her now.
OK.
Call her right now.
(Babe)
What's up, my dear cousin?
I see.
But I'm warning you,
once you're caught cheating,
I'll kick your ass.
Why are you quiet?
Hey.
It's OK.
Just a friend.
OK.
It's OK.
Bye.
Your class is very interesting.
Thanks.
I still have many questions.
Could you help me?
Sure.
You have my number.
I.
Dinner.
Buy you.
You buy me dinner?
Oh.
Sure.
Can I bring a friend?
Of course.
Zhou Xiao.
What brings you here?
I'm here to pick you up.
This is my student.
His name is Ren Yiyang.
Nice to meet you.
This is my...
See you later.
He just said he'd buy me dinner.
Why he changed his mind so quickly?
Why is this foreigner
as stingy as Cai Yasi?
Let's go.
Let's have some food.
Hurry up.
What's the perfect angle to stab someone?
Sorry, I wasn't looking.
Do you have any questions for me?
Nope.
What questions?
Did you leave your phone number
to that foreign student?
Yep.
We exchanged phone numbers.
It's for after-sale service
of Mandarin lesson.
It's the first time I've realized that
I'm such a good teacher.
If I stop writing novels someday,
I'd become a teacher.
And...
How long have you known each other?
From this afternoon.
It took you one month after knowing me
to save my number.
So?
So I'm feeling jealous.
It's a fine day today.
Have a seat.
Come on.
How about I delete him?
Yes, please.
Ah?
Are you serious?
It's not polite to delete his number
like this.
It's against international friendship.
Do you really want me to delete his number?
If so,
I guess I'll do it.
Fine. You don't have to do that.
Really?
That's great.
Because I didn't mean it.
It's weird to delete someone for no reason.
You're a pig.
You're so annoying.
Your jealousy has just
inspired me!
Come on. Come on.
See, I'm such a genius.
In this chapter, the heroine,
a medical student,
got jealous and stabbed her boyfriend
over hundred times
without hurting his vulnerable areas.
Thanks.
I've finished!
I'll check the technical terms.
How about you do it later in your dorm?
Stay quiet.
Zhou Xiao.
Zhao Fanzhou, what are you doing?
Leave it alone.
It's almost done. Just a moment.
Leave me alone.
What are you doing?
Zhao Fanzhou.
I saved the file for you.
No need.
Zhao Fanzhou, are you out of your mind?
Open it.
Do you still need to do it?
Of course.
No, no, no.
Just open it.
I can't breathe.
Your phone is ringing.
I can hear it.
Pick up the phone.
(Xie Yixing)
Fanzhou,
I know you don't want
to talk to me right now.
But I was just crossed in love.
How could you not answer my phone?
You're so callous!
(Roster of Department of Forensic Medicine)
(University Student's Personal Information)
I just don't believe it.
I must dig up dirt on Chen Yu.
Reward is offered!
Information about Chen Yu,
medical student enrolled in 2015,
is wanted.
Please tell me what you know in the comments.
He is a warm-hearted classmate.
What are you trying to do here?
I heard he is the president of Badminton Club
and a member of the Student Union.
He is that super nice senior
who supervised our military training.
He is so nice.
Why do you ask about my boyfriend?
Why is he so composed?
Has he been in many relationships before?
Hey you... What are you doing?
I just want to fetch my bag.
Oh.
Bro,
you've finally picked up the phone.
Is Chen Yu around?
What do you think?
Bye.
Hold on. Hold on.
Then,
do you know
if Chen Yu has a girlfriend or not?
I don't know.
I thought you two were roommates.
He moved out a year ago.
Well, is Zhou Xiao around?
Can you ask her to find Lu?
She is in the middle of something.
Bye.
Why... Why are you staring at me?
Shall we go back?
Why are you hiding from me?
No, I'm not.
Yes, you're.
Well, it's just that
I've never been kissed before.
I feel a little bit...
Practice makes perfect.
Xiao,
what happened to you?
Do you get peeling lips?
Do you need my lip balm?
No, thanks.
I want to take you to the most
romantic city in Turkey.
Lu!
How is your first date?
Very nice. We're having hotpot
at his place next time.
Wow!
You're moving pretty fast.
You're visiting his place.
What are you thinking?
We're just having hotpot, that's all.
Why don't you choose the dining hall?
Is that not good enough for you?
Alright. Just stop fooling.
Wow!
Love is so amazing!
Even Lu stamps.
Wei, why are you even like this?
You're so annoying!
You guys...
Fanzhou,
why don't you ask
what I'm doing?
How come you don't show any curiosity at all?
What are you doing?
I'm looking for evidence
that Chen Yu is cheating.
Will you help me?
I'm not interested.
Zhao Fanzhou,
I've been nice to you.
When you kicked the covers off the bed
during sleep,
it was me who tucked you in.
I put myself
out there,
while you have always been so callous.
Hey!
Alright. Alright.
Are you asleep?
I'm lying on the bed.
Good night.
That's it?
How could he fall asleep after that?
He is so calm.
This can't be his first relationship.
Xiao,
are you still up?
I'm about to go to sleep.
Right now.
Good night.
Does she fall asleep?
Fanzhou! Fanzhou!
Guess what I've found.
What?
I found these
in Chen Yu's white coat.
A lipstick
and a rubber band.
It's the smoking gun.
Tomorrow, I'm gonna confront him.
OK.
Good luck.
Fighting!
In today's class, we'll discuss
contemporary Chinese literature.
In the history of Chinese literature,
contemporary Chinese literature
plays a very important role.
You must know well about
Mao Dun,
the founder of social analysis novels.
Who can tell me
the masterpiece of social analysis novels?
Wei,
can you raise your hand
after I finish reading this part?
It's getting exciting.
I'm sorry. It was instinct.
Zhou Xiao,
can you answer this question?
Well...
The look on your face
tells me
that you have some insightful opinions
about this question.
No, I don't.
Well.
Alright.
Sit down, please.
In the history of contemporary
Chinese literature...
Now, we're gonna talk about
the first step of treating
examination materials:
pretreatment.
Prepare the examination materials.
Adjust the acidity.
Extract protein.
Dissociate conjugates.
(Be attentive.)
And,
protein can be extracted mainly by...
Be attentive.
I am attentive.
Still reading the novel?
Like I said,
it's getting exciting.
(Have you got beard?)
And,
protein can be extracted mainly by
organic solvent precipitation,
salt precipitation.
(Girls' Dormitory)
Lu!
Lu! Hurry up! Hurry up!
I don't have class this morning.
I'd sleep late.
Why do you call me to come down?
You'd better be serious,
otherwise I'll kill you.
It's something really serious.
I mean it.
Look.
So?
I found these
in Chen Yu's white coat.
Yesterday when you were at the restaurant,
I heard him on the phone with another girl.
Wait a moment.
You went through his things
and you were stalking me?
That's not the point.
The point is Chen Yu is cheating on you!
Have you finished your story?
If so, you're free to leave now.
What I'm saying is true.
He is not a good guy.
I have eyes.
I can make my own judgment.
Please don't speak ill of my boyfriend
behind his back.
Why are you still defending him?
Is there something wrong with you?
Why don't you break up with him?
Are you in desperate need of a boyfriend?
It's not your business.
Even I want a boyfriend, that won't be you.
Fine.
I guess I'm being nosy here.
Listen,
if I ever stick my nose into your business,
I'll write my name backwards.
Fang Wei!
What brings you here?
You're not studying today?
Is it the end of the world?
You complain about me not being here.
When I'm actually here, you're mocking me.
I happen to be free this afternoon.
I'm taking you out.
Where are we going?
Where do you want to go?
Eating.
Let's go.
She could have said goodbye to us.
It seems we don't even exist.
What's great about having a boyfriend?
I remember
you have a boyfriend, too.
Where is he?
I don't know.
Let's go.
Why do you seldom go to the lab these days?
You used to spend the whole day there.
What happened?
Are you in a relationship with Zhou Xiao?
Don't look at me like that.
You were absent-minded in the class.
Your eyes were fixed on the Chinese class.
Professor,
I was listening to you.
I know you can multitask.
I'm just curious.
You don't even know
how to be in a relationship.
She might find you
boring,
indifferent,
weird.
Professor, don't take the chance to mock me.
I'm just kidding.
What's gotten into you?
Wei,
I have a problem now.
What problem? Tell me.
Since we started dating,
Zhao Fanzhou has been lukewarm to me.
Do you think he has dated many girls before?
It's the first time
that I've fallen in love with someone.
Is he gonna dump me?
Ah?
Zhao Fanzhou?
Zhao Fanzhou!
Ah.
What am I gonna do?
I don't want to get dumped.
Xiao, what's on your mind?
Zhou Xiao.
Are you free now?
I need to talk to you.
Are you free tonight?
Come to my place for dinner.
My wife is making a delicious meal tonight.
Professor, I'm afraid I have a date
with Zhou Xiao.
Ask her to come along.
Alright. Alright.
It's a shame for you to miss the meal.
I worked so hard to get her
to cook the dish of braised meat balls.
Before that,
she hasn't cooked for three days.
You got her mad again?
Nope.
It's the white or black valentine's day thing
invented by you young people.
I didn't buy her a gift.
She was unhappy about it
and didn't talk to me for a few days.
So,
I made her
a piece of jewelry.
Now,
she just wouldn't take it off
and brag about it all the time.
Don't you think I'm very wise?
Of course you're.
You're just saying it to make me happy.
Don't take me for granted.
When I was young,
I used to be
romantic.
Let me tell you about it.
If you want to please a girl,
buy her gifts.
If you want her to be with you for good,
give her gifts
made by yourself.
Do you understand?
Yes, I understand.
I've got to go.
Are you saying
Chen Yu is cheating on her?
She just wouldn't believe me.
She also said
even she's single,
she won't take me as her boyfriend.
Am I that lame?
Not at all.
You're just a little chatty.
So you believe me, right?
Yes.
I searched my brain.
The other night when we went
to see the meteor shower,
Chen Yu rejected so many calls.
He got many calls.
But perhaps it's for something serious.
Whose side are you on?
I'm on Lu's side.
Alright. Let's get back to business.
What are we gonna do to help her?
Lu is
very stubborn.
She won't believe
without proof.
How about you help me find the proof?
After all, you claim to be
the president of Detective Club.
What do you mean by "claim"?
I'm stating the truth.
Tell me about your ideas.
The campus forum.
At the forum,
there's this girl who claims to be
Chen Yu's girlfriend.
I texted her but she didn't reply.
I remember you have a friend
who is an excellent hacker.
Can you ask him to find this girl out?
OK. I'll ask him.
I'm not sure if he's in training.
OK.
(Zhao Fanzhou)
Hello.
Where are you?
I'm on my way to you.
I'm at the cafe with Xie Yixing.
Is it Lu?
Move over.
You're spitting on my face.
Wait for me. I'll be right there.
It's likely she's been
here and here.
Particularly here.
Let me see if I can
amplify the signal.
Do you know this guy?
She's also been here.
You're here.
What would you like to drink?
I'll order it for you.
I'm good.
You're not thirsty?
I'd share your orange juice.
I'll take you out for drinks.
I bought movie tickets.
But I'm in the middle of something.
What thing?
I found it.
That's the thing.
Dude, that's awesome!
You found Chen Yu's girlfriend
within such a short time.
I declare
that you replace Fanzhou
as the person
I admire the most.
That's true.
Cai Yasi is a legend in the computer world.
Let's find that girl.
-OK. Let's go. -Let's go.
It's Lu's business.
Don't you think
it's her decision to make?
That's right.
Lu is head over heels for Chen Yu.
What decision can she make?
Besides,
she has high self-esteem.
She would want us to stay out of this.
If you're not going, I'll do it myself.
Let's go.
Hey.
Wait a moment.
Zhou Xiao! What's wrong with your friend?
It's none of my business!
Do we need to rescue Cai Yasi?
Nope.
Let's start our date.
Well,
can we make it another time?
Why?
It's about Lu.
I need to get back to the dorm
to discuss about the rescue plan.
It's our first date.
How could it be so random?
It must be well prepared.
Is this date
a spontaneous thing for you?
So...
I'm not going out with you.
I'm not an easy girl.
You...
I'm very disappointed in you.
Is this excuse gonna work?
But I really want to help Lu.
♪It's a promise made
by warm spring to winter.♪
♪I've never changed what I promised to you.♪
♪It's a novel with plot twists
and a perfect ending.♪
♪It says I'm brave
although I talk foolishly sometimes.♪
♪If I have to sing a song about youth...♪
I'll try my best not to disappoint you.
♪... even the most beautiful words
can't describe it.♪
♪The winding tune together with the vast sky...♪
OMG!
He is so good at the sweet talk!
Lu, you just stay out of this.
I'm gonna make an impressive dinner for you.
OK.
I'll just have to wait and see.
That's right.
Xie Yixing told me
you already have a girlfriend.
Of course.
She is right by my side.
Here you are.
Xie Yixing found these
at your dorm.
It belongs to my cousin.
She is a careless person.
She often leaves things at my place.
Your cousin...
Please hold this for me.
OK.
I'm gonna take this.
Wait for me.
Hello.
What's up?
Guess where I am.
Knock it off.
I'm in the middle of something.
I don't have class today.
I'm cleaning up your room.
OK.
Talk to you later.
Bye.
What's up?
Lu,
it's kind of last-minute.
My dad is visiting me.
He has some important things to tell me.
I'm sorry.
I'm afraid we're not having dinner
at my place.
I thought your dad
is not in the town.
He is here on business.
It's a random business trip.
I see. You should get back home now.
I'm going back, too.
Let's make it another time.
Lu,
I'm sorry.
Are you mad at me?
No.
I didn't plan
to meet your parents so soon.
That's good.
Because I'm not ready, either.
I'm sending you home.
OK.
Let's go.
Here we are.
Bye.
Don't leave me alone.
Dude,
we don't know each other.
If it were not for Zhou Xiao,
I would never do these things for you.
Come on, dude.
Don't talk like that.
As the saying goes,
we're all brothers and sisters.
I declare
that from now on,
you're my best buddy.
OK?
I gotta go now.
I'm having ACM training tomorrow.
I have to pack my things.
This is the first time
for me to catch someone cheating.
I'm sort of nervous.
(Next Episode)
Apologize to Lu.
Apologize to her!
Will you go on a date with me?
As I said, I won't disappoint you.
Hold on tight. Here we go.
Because I only heard the word "kiss".
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪